h2. Dependencies

To use this plugin, you first need to download the Validation Reflection plugin:

<pre><code>script/plugin install git://github.com/redinger/validation_reflection.git</code></pre>

And you need to download the jQuery and jQuery Validator:

* http://code.jquery.com/jquery-latest.min.js
* http://ajax.microsoft.com/ajax/jquery.validate/1.6/jquery.validate.min.js

h2. Installation

h3. as a Gem

<pre><code>sudo gem install client-validations</code></pre>

h3. as a Plugin

<pre><code>script/plugin install git://github.com/willian/client_validations.git</code></pre>

h2. Usage

All you have to do is use the client_validations form_helper. Example:

<pre><code><% form_for(@post) do |f| %>
  <%= f.label :title %>
  <%= f.text_field :title %>

  <%= f.label :content %>
  <%= f.text_area :content %>

  <%= f.submit 'Create' %>

  <%= f.client_validations %>
<% end %></code></pre>

h2. Maintainer

Willian Fernandes (http://willianfernandes.com.br)

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2010 Willian Fernandes

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
